[CoronaStats] Initial contribution (#7358)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.coronastats/README.md

# CoronaStats Binding

This binding provides the statistic about cases of COVID-19 from the website https://corona-stats.online/.

## Supported Things

This binding supports a `world` thing, which polls the dataset in an adjustable interval as a bridge and provides the statistics for the whole world.
The `country` thing, representing the statistics for a specified country.

## Discovery

> This binding will add a default `world` thing into the Inbox. This can be used as bridge for country things you may add manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding adds a default `world` thing to the Inbox.
This can be used as bridge for country things you may add manually.

```

Author: Changed

## Thing Configuration

### World

> | Property  | Default | Required | Description                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter  | Default | Required | Description                                                                              |

```

Author: Changed

| --------- | :-----: | :------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `refresh` |   30    |    no    | Define the interval for polling the data from website in minutes. Minimum is 15 minutes. |

### Country

> | Property      | Default | Required | Description                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter      | Default | Required | Description                                       |

```

Author: Changed

| ------------- | :-----: | :------: | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `countryCode` |    -    |   yes    | 2-letter code for the country you want to display |

> For the correct 2-letter country Code have a look at the website https://corona-stats.online/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the correct 2-letter country code have a look at the website https://corona-stats.online/

```

Author: Changed
